the son to be a champion in the world is has
that counting on everyone but we know
that the coach has in the two options né
I have had Henrique before
I believe they quote there because the coach
trust us to know the quality of the
James his leadership but also I
I believe the coach is not led in vain
these two other players in the group
important it is important that all
be well for a moment like this.
when you need to be able to
match
It's always difficult, I did not play two matches.
officials against the German national team
the 2002 cup final and so give me the
Confederations Cup in those two
duels or brazil left winner
We know it's a selection now.
totally different
is with enough young players increased
very much the quality of germany but
always a very hard duel and I believe
that chances are 50 50 because despite
from Brazil playing at home but germany
It has shown the quality one one
very great constancy but the people
expects the result to be positive
Brazil everybody is in this one
thought but it is known that it will be a
battle of the world
everyone was happy in dunga is a
important player
is a player who also makes the difference
In the Brazilian national team,
attention of the opponent but that comes
Maybe the first question is about
thiago silva believes that others
players who are there are also from
confidence and can also enter and play
as well as neymar
The message I can leave is for sure.
to always honor that shirt and know that
has more than 200 million Brazilian
supporting and cheering for you and entering
within the field and leave the 100 per
cent to which the result will happen